Update `mkl_lapack::batch_error` handling in `getrf_batch` / `getri_batch` (#2458)
IntelPython/dpnp: CHANGELOG.md

* Updated `conda create` commands build and install instructions of `Quick start guide` to avoid a compilation error [#2395](https://github.com/IntelPython/dpnp/pull/2395)
* Added handling of empty string passed to a test env variable defining data type scope as a `False` value [#2415](https://github.com/IntelPython/dpnp/pull/2415)
* Resolved build issues on non-Intel targets in `dpnp.i0` and `dpnp.kaiser` [#2439](https://github.com/IntelPython/dpnp/pull/2439)

> * Ensure consistent `dpnp.linalg.LinAlgError` on singular matrices for both non-batched and batched cases in `dpnp.linalg.inv` [#2458] (https://github.com/IntelPython/dpnp/pull/2458)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Ensure consistency in the `dpnp.linalg.LinAlgError` exception raised on singular input matrices for both non-batched and batched cases in `dpnp.linalg.inv` [#2458] (https://github.com/IntelPython/dpnp/pull/2458)
```
